1. What is Terraform?
Ans: Terrafrom is an Infrastructure as Code tool used to create, updated, destroy and manage the infrastructure automatically using configuration files. 
Example: Instea of creating an EC2 instance manually in AWS console, using terraform code we can create it automatically by using run terraform apply 

2. What is Infrastructure as Code (IaC)?
Ans: IaC meaning manage the infrastructure using terraform code instead of creating it manually.
Example: Instea of creating VPC, EC2, s3 in AWS console, deploy the infrastructure automatically by using the terraform files with the help of running 
terrafrom apply command. 

3. What are the main Terraform commands?
Ans: 
terraform init - initialize terraform and download provides plugin
terraform validate - checks configuration syntax
terraform plan - what changes terraform will make
terraform apply - create/update infrastructure
terraform destroy - destroy infrastructure

4. What is terraform init?
Ans: terraform init is mean by initializing terraform project by downloading providers plugin and setting up backend configuration. 
Example: If the code uses AWS resources, terraform will download AWS plugin and settting up s3 configuration to store state files.

5. What is a Terraform Provider?
Ans: Provider is a plugin that helps terraform to interacts with the cloud/platform services like  AWS, Azure, GCP, K8s ot github.
Example: If you want to create a EC2, s3, VPC in the AWS, AWS provider is needed for terraform to interact. 

6. What is a Resource in Terraform?
Ans: Resource is a component object that terraform to create and manages.
Example: VPC, Ec2, s3 is a resrouces component created by terraform.

7. What is the difference between Provider and Resource in Terraform?
Ans: Provider is a plugin which helps terraform to interact with cloud platforms, Resource is the actual infrastructure created inside that platform.
Example: 
AWS Cloud is a provider plugin 
EC2, s3, VPC are resoruces created inside the AWS.

8. What is the Terraform workflow/lifecycle?
Ans: 
Terraform lifecycle is the below one
terraform init - initialize terraform project and download provider plugin
terraform validate - check configuration syntax
terraform plan - checks the changes what terraform going to make
terraform apply - create the infrastructure
terraform destroy when we wants to delete the resoruce which we created

9. What is the difference between terraform validate and terraform plan?
Ans:
terraform validate - checks the syntax in the configuration files
terraform plan - check the infrastructure changes what terraform will make

10. What is Terraform State File (terraform.tfstate)?
Ans:
terraform state file stores the current status of the infrastructure created by terraform.
Example: If ec2 is created with instance type t2 micro for the existing t2 medium ec2. 
Here the state will be updated with the changes.

11. 
